global|root=map, java.lang.Object
global|root:first=object, org.archive.settings.path.Foo
global|root:primary=primary, org.archive.settings.path.Foo
global|root:second=object, org.archive.settings.path.Foo
global|root:bar=object, org.archive.settings.path.Bar
global|root:bar:foo=object, org.archive.settings.path.Foo
global|root:bar:list=list, org.archive.settings.path.Foo
global|root:bar:list:0=object, org.archive.settings.path.Foo
global|root:bar:list:1=object, org.archive.settings.path.Foo
global|root:bar:list:2=object, org.archive.settings.path.Foo
global|root:bar:map=map, org.archive.settings.path.Foo
global|root:bar:map:a=object, org.archive.settings.path.Foo
global|root:bar:map:b=object, org.archive.settings.path.Foo
global|root:bar:map:b:five=int, 50000
global|root:bar:map:c=object, org.archive.settings.path.Foo
global|root:bar:slist=list, java.lang.String
global|root:bar:slist:0=string, zero
global|root:bar:slist:1=string, one
global|root:bar:slist:2=string, two
global|root:bar:smap=map, java.lang.String
global|root:bar:smap:a=string, 65
global|root:bar:smap:b=string, 66
global|root:bar:smap:c=string, 67